Add angular interview question (#20)
alibaba-aero/technical-interview: frontend/angular/resources.md

# Resources

> Here we introduce some useful resources that we think it can help Angular developers to learn and be prepare for this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we introduce some useful resources that we think can help Angular developers to learn and be prepared for this role.
```

> Although the list is short and the books are limited, we consider it as a starting point for enthusiasm developers to start from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the list is short and the books are limited, we consider it as a starting point for enthusiastic developers to start from.
```
